README.md, before:

# Dell Latitude 5400 Hackintosh OpenCore EFI

This repository contains OpenCore EFI files for running macOS Ventura on Dell Latitude 5400. This EFI is provided as-is. Use at your own risk.

## 💻 Hardware Specifications

| Component | Details |
|-----------|---------|
| Model | Dell Latitude 5400 |
| CPU | Intel Core i5-8365U Whiskey Lake |
| GPU | Intel UHD Graphics 630 |
| RAM | 24GB DDR4 2400MHz |
| Storage | WDC SN520 NVMe 256GB SSD |
| Display | 14" 1920x1080 |
| Audio | Realtek ALC236 |
| Network | Intel Wireless-AC 9560 |

## ✅ Working Features

- [x] CPU Power Management
- [x] Wi-Fi & Bluetooth
- [x] USB Ports
- [x] Trackpad with Gestures
- [x] Built-in Keyboard
- [x] HDMI
- [x] Audio (Input/Output)
- [x] Built-in Camera
- [x] Ethernet
- [x] Sleep/Wake
- [x] Backlight Control

## ⚠️ Known Issues

- bluetoothd daemon crash after sleep, (fixable by killing bluetoothd process)

## ❔ Not Tested

- SIM Card Reader
- SD Card Reader

## 📝 Post-Installation 

1. Generate SSDT tables using SSDTTime
   - Follow [Dortania's ACPI Guide](https://dortania.github.io/Getting-Started-With-ACPI/ssdt-methods/ssdt-easy.html)

## 🗂️ EFI Folder Structure

- BOOT/
  - BOOTx64.efi
- OC/
  - OpenCore.efi
  - config.plist
  - ACPI/ (SSDT files)
  - Drivers/ (Required EFI drivers)
  - Kexts/ (Required kernel extensions)
  - Resources/ (OpenCore interface resources)

Commit message:

release(@EFI): macos tahoe beta 1

README.md, after:

# Dell Latitude 5400 Hackintosh OpenCore EFI

This repository contains OpenCore EFI files for running macOS Tahoe on Dell Latitude 5400. This EFI is experimental, it is not guaranteed to work stable.
OC Version: 1.0.5

## 💻 Hardware Specifications

| Component | Details |
|-----------|---------|
| Model | Dell Latitude 5400 |
| CPU | Intel Core i5-8365U Whiskey Lake |
| GPU | Intel UHD Graphics 630 |
| RAM | 24GB DDR4 2400MHz |
| Storage | WDC SN520 NVMe 256GB SSD |
| Display | 14" 1920x1080 |
| Audio | Realtek ALC236 |
| Network | Intel Wireless-AC 9560 |

## ✅ Working Features

- [x] CPU Power Management
- [x] Wi-Fi & Bluetooth (itlwm, heliport)
- [x] USB Ports
- [x] Trackpad with Gestures
- [x] Built-in Keyboard
- [x] Audio (Input/Output)
- [x] Ethernet
- [x] Sleep/Wake
- [x] Backlight Control

## ⚠️ Known Issues

- bluetoothd daemon crash after sleep, (fixable by killing bluetoothd process)

## ❔ Not Tested

- SIM Card Reader
- SD Card Reader
- HDMI
- Built-in Camera


## 📝 Post-Installation 

1. Generate SSDT tables using SSDTTime
   - Follow [Dortania's ACPI Guide](https://dortania.github.io/Getting-Started-With-ACPI/ssdt-methods/ssdt-easy.html)

## 🗂️ EFI Folder Structure

- BOOT/
  - BOOTx64.efi
- OC/
  - OpenCore.efi
  - config.plist
  - ACPI/ (SSDT files)
  - Drivers/ (Required EFI drivers)
  - Kexts/ (Required kernel extensions)
  - Resources/ (OpenCore interface resources)
